[DOCS] convert all rst files in Embodied to md (#2602)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: robotics-ai-suite/docs/embodied/model_tutorials/model_act.md

```{image} ../developer_tools_tutorials/assets/images/act.png
:align: center
:width: 85%
```

**Model Architecture:**

- Observation Encoder:

  - Processes high-dimensional observations (e.g., images, sensor data) into a compact representation.
  - Uses convolutional layers or other feature extraction methods.

- Transformer Network:

  - A transformer-based architecture that models temporal dependencies between action chunks.
  - Takes the encoded observations and predicts a sequence of action chunks.

- Action Decoder:

  - Converts the predicted action chunks into low-level control commands (e.g., joint torques, gripper actions).

**More Information:**

- Full paper: <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2304.13705>
- Homepage: <https://tonyzhaozh.github.io/aloha/>
- Github link: <https://github.com/tonyzhaozh/aloha>

## Model Conversion

ACT model is trained by PyTorch, but can get an optimized inference performance on Intel devices using OpenVINO toolkit. PyTorch model should be converted to OpenVINO IR format.

The following steps will guide you through the process of converting the ACT model to OpenVINO IR format.

> > **Note:** We provide a pretrained checkpoint and also a model conversion script to help you convert model to OpenVINO IR format. Please get the information at the Imitation Learning sample pipeline page [Install ACT pipeline of OpenVINO](../sample_pipelines/imitation_learning_act.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** We provide a pretrained checkpoint and also a model conversion script to help you convert model to OpenVINO IR format. Get the information at the Imitation Learning sample pipeline page [Install ACT pipeline of OpenVINO](../sample_pipelines/imitation_learning_act.md#install-act-package).
```

### Load the trained checkpoint

> Checkpoint files(.ckpt) which include parameters state will be saved after training. Rebuilding the model structure and loading the parameters state will be needed for model conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkpoint files (.ckpt) which include parameter state will be saved after training. Rebuilding the model structure and loading the parameter state will be needed for model conversion.
```

> > **Attention:** Please be sure that the model configuration especially `kl_weight`, `chunk_size`, `hidden_dim`, `dim_feedforward`, `camera_names` are same to the configuration while training. Failure to do so will result in a shape mismatch between the model checkpoint and the structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Attention:** Ensure that the model configuration, especially `kl_weight`, `chunk_size`, `hidden_dim`, `dim_feedforward` and `camera_names`, is identical to the configuration used while training. Failure to do so will result in a shape mismatch between the model checkpoint and the structure.
```
